good
Yup
amsterdam is a breath in the morning while dressing for the perfume channels
of mixed flowers here it is clear of day hey psychedelic the night in this
city ​​everything is offered the look from the women you made come
wonderful in the various nuances of daily moods that
customized bicycles come out of certain glimpses entitled king of the people
invited
defined northern Venice for its channel system is currently one
of the most popular cities visited in the world
this amsterdam
also renowned for its many
and isso ai
this metropolis requires store
welcome to amsterdam
the rock fast car audio
posted the respect for the different that makes amsterdam the favorite destination of the
young people from all over Europe
in a city where same-sex couples can marry prostitution is
Regulated hair light drugs are legalized tolerance levels
they cannot but be among the highest in the world
amsterdam and water are an inseparable combination of the arteries of the canals and the
houses built on them. have always been a unique traction of this
city
in amsterdam windows curtains are wide open without shame
domestic life the atmospheres of quiet inside the house are shown to all without
shame
perhaps this is part of the Nordic discretion of the Dutch but not a few
provoke curiosity and amazement in the thousands of tourists who travel every
day for this city
no city like Amsterdam can boast of being the world capital
del and vinci the bike paths have appeared tweets about 50 years for
male than many others there is
the bike media files to move from any restaurants more
fast
in the Dutch capital you never get bored
cosmopolitan city cradle of many new warming trends welcoming the offer
there is no lack of cultural and vast entertainment
its inhabitants feel lucky
they enjoy every detail that this city offers
- amsterdam has an intense nightlife with numerous private parties
they add dishes and public places
according to some contacts with rotterdam for the title of most visited city
fashionable but still its unique charm